Group research paper
Topic: the death of the salesman
Nick L630014042£¨in charge of part C£©

RonnieL63008060(in charge of part A,B)
Title:
    The side effect of the financial success of in the American Dream      
Content:
a)	Does Willy Loman reach the heroic status in Arthur Miller¡¯s ¡°Death of a Salesman¡±£¿     	1
b)	The ethos of capitalism and the value of life in Arthur Miller¡¯s ¡°Death of a Salesman.¡±
c)	The discussion about the false dream

           
(A)Does Willy Loman reach the heroic status in Arthur Miller¡¯s ¡°Death of a Salesman¡±?
Willy Loman didn¡¯t reached the heroic status in Arthur Miller¡¯s ¡®death of a salesman¡¯.
First, as a salesman, he had been had achievement when he was young and energetic and can earn as much as 100 dollars per week. But that is the most he can do. All he earned have to be paid for the instalment of his house and cars, and he had just been out of debt when he was 63 years old not long before he dead. Not only he failed to earn as much money as he wished, but he was also unable to be a well-liked man which he think is of great importance as a salesman. In fact people simply do not like him as much as he thinks is necessary for success. When he was too old to drive through cities to sale commodities and ask his boss Howard to give him another job so that he don¡¯t need to go out for business, Howard rejected his requirement and hired him, no matter how Willy explain his longevity in the company and his relationship with Howard or Howard¡¯s father.
Second, as a father and husband he also didn¡¯t behave well. He seldom showed respected to his wife though his wife do loved and concerned about him. He was not loyal to his family. His elder son Biff witnessed he traveling with his mistress when he was going to face an important test. The event lead to Biff¡¯s fail in the exam and he was far away from what his father think is success since then,though he really hate to be what his father want him to be. He hardly give any attention to his younger son Happy which made Happy really upset. Because of his absurd self-respect and so called ¡®American dream¡¯, he rejected the help from his neighbor and   suicide for 20k dollars. He is irresponsible to his family.

(B)The ethos of capitalism and the value of life in Arthur Miller¡¯s ¡°Death of a Salesman.¡±
The ethos of capitalism has greatly effect the application of American dream in daily life. Willy Loman is the most classical people in America. Being influenced by the opinion of capitalism and American dream, Willy Loman wants to be a successful figure like Dave Salesman,a rich and well-liked man in American. Willy firmly believes only wealth and popularity can bring him happiness.
People like his uncle Ben marks another kind of way to achieve their dreams: to catch opportunity, to conquer nature, and to gain a fortune. For people of this kind, the American dream is creativity, exploring, experiencing and achievement.

(C) Willy¡¯s failure is because many false dreams, one of them is the financial success in the American dream, discuss the dream.

The definition of success in the aspect of The American Dream of financial success is the sum of the wealth and the place of your statues, or we can say the position where you are in the society. In the influence of this kind of success, the commence value became the core value of life, and getting or even ¡°stealing¡± money turned out to be the dream of the majority.
The dream affected the relationships most severely. In the drama, the relationship between Willy and Linda appeared to be very close and tight, however, Lind mainly took care about Willy¡¯s capacity of earning money and the material condition and goods willy can get. Even when Willy was extremely upset and got crazy, Linda still talked about Tom, because he was rich while Willy not. Also, the tense relationships between Willy to his sons also because Willy put too much hope and visions to his son, he wanted them to surpass him and get the splendid final result, became richer and get the higher position in the society and be respectable. This kind of family love was warped and terrible. It was more than a deal and investment rather than the pure love. Willy hoped their sons can get the honorable job and considerable income. Those also meant great stutus.The friendship was bent too. Out of respect and potential interest, people wore up their mask and pretended to be very friendly and enthusiasm whereas when the outcome was contrary to their own interest, they would smash the mask and leak the original ugly faces. The funeral of Willy was a good example. Furthermore, the relationship between the employee and the employer also became quite breakable. In the eye of boss, the interest was the only thing consistent and long lasting. Even though Willy had has sacrificed most of his life and energy to his career, the boss still fried him because he was aged and no longer productive. As for the Willy, he also had his own plan, to raise sufficient money and leave the company and to begin his own business in order to get the material satisfaction. In conclusion, this success pushed the society separated, when the wife measured his husband¡¯s ability on how much wealth he could earn, the parents considered how much money their children can get, the friends wondered how much benefits can make from their friends, the strangers put the interest first before making up their decisions, this society was meant to be ugly and fall apart.
The spirit of simplicity, earnestness and starting their business in difficulties have changed or we could consider people have a preference to the strategies and tactics to accumulate the wealth as much as possible and to improve their position. Also the activity turned into the pure business activities. They have forgone the mental value and become the slaves of the money. Willy¡¯s first son Biff could have been a famous football player, while his father thought this job was a shame. After that, when Biff has looked through the essence of the evil business market, he would like to go back to the countryside to seek the job and life he wanted, his father became quite angry. In fact, Willy was also an expert in farming, however this job was considered to be worthless and humble, he denies his great ability. 
Another quite severe problem is that when material status became the main point, this main steam may lead to many potential problems. When people paid more attention to money, the could consider money to be the media or effective methods to get some illegal targets. For example, the corruption in the government administrations, the sexy action or drug deals for great reward. When return on investment was large enough, people would like to sacrifice their lives to pursuit it. For the drug dealers, they were well knowledge of the consequence if they were caught, but they still did it, because the reward was too attracting. 
America was the land where people could have full passion to innovation, to create something better for the society. However, when to financial success means the thick of your wallet, the number of your bank account, nobody would like to pay attention to creativity. As many of them would like to major in financial area rather than science technology. When the financial market became too big, the boom will like to balloon, to explode. The industrial corporations would suffer a lot during the macro environment.
In conclusion, the perspective of the financial success of the American Dreams sets apart all kinds of relationships and leads to many social problems. 
 


Reference
?	Sheril, R. D. (2010). The terrifying future:The Future of US. San Diego: Hallard Publisher
?	Grice, H. P (2014). Studies inUS 1930s. London: Latest news publisher.
?	Cains, R. B (2013). Research of American Dream.M.A Thesis Berkeley: University of California.
?	Wong, M (2015, August 17) The rise and down of US in 1929s.Times. P.4
?	https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-primary-reason-Willy-Loman-kills-himself-in-Death-of-a-Salesman
?	https://www.quora.com/How-does-Death-of-a-Salesman-portray-the-meaning-of-life
?	https://www.quora.com/Why-is-Death-of-a-Salesman-play-considered-a-tragedy
?	https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-realism-in-Death-of-a-Salesman
?	https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-importance-of-money-in-Death-of-a-Salesman
?	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_a_Salesman
?	http://www.sparknotes.com/lit/salesman/character/willy-loman/
?	http://www.sparknotes.com/lit/salesman/section1.rhtml
?	https://www.zhihu.com/question/23585741
?	https://www.zhihu.com/question/38008130
?	




